# Competition Hub
Overview

The problem that I attempted to solve with this project pertained to a teacher in my school responsible for organizing robotics competitions or finding out about them and encouraging students to participate in them. However, her prior situation left much to be desired. When wanting to let people know of the existence of competitions, a PA system is usually employed. However, it is not uncommon for students to either not pay attention or simply miss the announcement due to them being absent. Even if the competition comes to the attention of the student, actually registering for it is another task altogether. In some cases, she will ask students to meet her to give their names and in others she would assign other students the responsibility of going around the school collecting names. Both these options are inefficient and prone to error as she may be busy when a student comes to register or the students collecting names might miss someone or just be complacent when collecting names. Furthermore, on many occasions, only students that are in high contact with her even get notified of the competition happening. These issues compound one another, and it creates a general reluctancy for students aside from the immensely proactive few to participate in these events/competitions and for teachers like my client to organize them.

The conceived solution was a common platform which students could visit to browse all the competitions that are available to participate in at any given time and register for them while competition administrators such as teachers could keep track of who has registered for what and also contact the registered participants for a given competition easily. This solution would remove the need for any intermediaries between a teacher wanting to organize a competition/event and students registering for them. The teacher would simply need to add the competition to the website and interested students would register. The entire process would become considerably more streamlined. Since only a small percentage of students had access to phones, and since the tablets that the students had were of different brands/sizes, developing a mobile responsive website would be the best option compared to other alternatives such as an app.

A comprehensive design document is available [here.](https://github.com/JosephPallipadan/Competition-Hub/blob/master/Design%20Document.pdf)

The link to the website, deployed on the Heroku Free Tier is https://gma-competition-hub.herokuapp.com/.
